is it is i Hello evening influence
It is Dragon Ball Heroes of that Well trade
We have prepared a card that can be provided a
That's when it comes to trading
Hmm
Well this card you want is Son Goku se 4
Super-beauty goods of it is there business
Lee enters the card order
I'm putting it in a sleeve
Month say so
It is only-
New day to deal with release Nemaha
Of course, I decided that of course , without saying one tore
If you would like to use 34 sheets of paper , it is about 5
Campaign card after the day and 50,000
I want to
Of course there are beautiful Aaken
Ne'm almost is right Ashibetsu kicked have the kettle Te
Campaign Do
It is mc Kurizonbi Gin'ichiman
5 It is the Lord Yes General Affairs Rice
I will go into a year ago I will go into a scratched card
If there is a wound, it's fine if you say tart
I mean board Gacha feel
Is a weak person
Let's go pretty soon around it, but there are the keys
Well play, for example, this is an example
Salted and sold well
There is a lot of salting, so it is made from such a place of value
This is also I do not know the surface
Uranium says well
Because it is quite expensive to study patch 6 arrivals
Fine even if you do not know
Layer 3 like
iag There is only reverse stripping, it's pretty cruel
Hey yeah yeah
Yes there is a dent here but there is no white shadow
It makes sense
It is good with rice and this excess is coming out from here, but it is quite beautiful
Now that there is a pumice stone
Grinded around b rank but is not it perfect
EON Jack pros really that this is rice coating
Moss for the time being I'm eating cooperation Chissai is there only one
There is no other damage but just the beginning
When you have made in the initial stage it became the It's quite beautiful one
i Cooler This is fine Yes bg is a super beautiful product a
This guarantees because it was watered at the time of discharge
In this country, I was able to take advantage of the power of birth
We want inclination to could do office English Den It is shoes which I think
I will go that way
It is like this
Ultimate Rea
It is tan to
From woman
For example, if get sardines in combination curry and to
I 'm not making my US gta 4 volume boss or Goku with cat
Then
Altime Take Armor after this
Or in the Dororo
It is a Volvo movement
Hm
I think that the price is something that can not be taken from the warehouse
I will tell you to do the reverse
Nail Navigate Bully Pooh
For example, it was
Lecturer
Oide and it is low
0 Kuikui now Thales 5:00 worked!
a child
part 9
9 is beautiful but as he put
Only a low feeling like rape low was desired, but 5 pieces can be taken, Ultimate
rare
Even if there are scratches, it's easy to rate
If you choose 8 100
It will also be referred to as the within the city who Qishan Bijogi building
Basically, even with water c boro -1 e 1 machine is a little hard
Feeling
This is another go I this say system
Someone who is good at this
Bach
There
This is positive
If it is exchange type, it is later
Yes Let's appropriately decided
Well then I want to end with this
a child stick is waiting for 100 contact